he was a little black dog with long
silky hair
it was Toto that made Dorothy laugh
Maggie and her father have a special
gift when it comes to reading stories
there was a Tavern on the road where the
motley folk would often stop for a pint
of ale but there's one book they should
have never read that's how it's done I
love this world
telephones guns what's a sticky stuff
called duct tape yes duct tape I love
duct tape you have no idea what is
capable of you're gonna do exactly what
I tell you to do Oh understood we just
have to say Capricorn back into the
bosom oh now we're gonna have to try to
escape aren't we
I tried to warn you
I intend to write my name on every page
of this world
in that book in cart